ADD readme for APIViewJSON Utility (#9270)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: src/dotnet/APIView/APIViewJsonUtility/README.md

# APIViewJsonUtility

### Overview

APIViewJsonUtility is a .NET utility designed to facilitate the manipulation and processing of JSON data within the APIView ecosystem. This tool helps developers to efficiently handle JSON data structures, making it easier to integrate with APIView's functionalities when working on parser to verify how JSON token file is rendered as output text on APIView without uploading JSON file to APIView.

### Features

- **Create API view output from JSON token**: Parse JSON token file to create the API review output text.
- **Convert to tree token model**: Convert an old flat list tree token JSON file to new tree style JSON token file.

### Prerequisites

- .NET SDK (version 8.0 or later)

### Installation

APIViewJsonUtility is published to Azure DevOps artifact. You can install this .NET tool from [azure-sdk-for-net feed](https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/public/_artifacts/feed/azure-sdk-for-net/NuGet/APIViewJsonTool/overview) using below command.

> `dotnet tool install --add-source "https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/public/_packaging/azure-sdk-for-net/nuget/v3/index.json" --version 1.0.0-dev.20240919.3 --tool-path <installation path> APIViewJsonTool

Reviewer: would it be better to just say `<version>` instead of us hardcoding a version here? I wonder if someone is not paying attention, they will just copy the command and might not get the latest version

`

### Usage

> Here are t of how to use APIViewJsonUtility:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are two examplea of how to use APIViewJsonUtility:
```
